My dear sister
has become a criminal
While I
will enjoy your happiness
The talk show host
Stop!
She's Shen Yu’s daughter
She recognized it
What should we do now
The Golden Mic Awards is coming
We absolutely can’t have any scandals now
Do we really have to do this?
This is murder
If not
should we just let all of Jiang city
know about our relationship?
There are no cameras on this road
Do it quickly
What are you thinking about?
Thinking... when will you divorce?
Ye Ci has just gone to prison
and you want a divorce already
Do you want everyone in Jiang city
to see what kind of man you are?
Divorce is certain
But not now
You cheat and don’t even wipe your mouth
Building the image of a loving husband
Stealing while shouting for help
Don’t you feel
this makes things even more interesting?